- [Instructor] There's one final piece
of our course project that we need to put in place.
We need to set up our Angular application
to use the Apigee proxy URL so that the application
accesses the production instance of our API.
So, within Apigee,
navigate to the proxies
and we'll grab the hsports-catalog proxy.
And inside of the configuration,
we can grab the production URL.
So just copy this address,
and now we're going to head over
to Visual Studio Code, where I have the
hsports client application loaded.
So within this Angular application,
we're going to expand the source directory,
and then the app directory,
followed by rest,
and then API.
Inside of this directory,
you'll find the product.service.ts class.
Go ahead and open this class,
and then I'm going to hide the sidebar
so we can get a better view.
If we take a look at the class,
you'll notice, within this TypeScript file,
we are still pointing to the mock API server
running on SwaggerHub.
Now, this worked out great before we had
an API implementation in production.
It allowed us to develop before the API was ready
using the contract-first approach.
Now that we have a production API,
we're going to go ahead and switch over
to point at the production implementation.
So just paste the URL that we copied from Apigee
that points to our API proxy,
and save the file.
Now we can go ahead and use the ng serve command
to run our Angular application.
This will cause Angular to build and serve the application
so that we can access it within a browser.
It appears Angular's completed its work,
so let's navigate over to the browser
and now we're going to access the application
on our localhost at port4200.
You'll notice that when accessing the application,
all of the products served by the hplus sports catalog API
are displayed on the webpage,
so our Angular app was able to leverage the API
that we built using all of Swagger's tooling,
as well as Azure and the Apigee API management platform.
At this point, we have a working app
and our course project is complete.